[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Now we're
gonna test coverage,
which is kind of an interesting metric.
I think people rely on it too heavily.
But I also think it is,
it's interesting to look at nonetheless.
Chasing a 100% test coverage is foolish,
if you wanna ask my opinion.
No one did, but that's what I think.
And luckily we don't actually have
to really write any code for this,
we can just go ahead and
just figure out the bash command and
it just automatically
works with our tests.
The basic idea of test coverage
is it's gonna show you how
much of your code is actually
getting covered by unit test.
So basically if I run this test,
am I missing blocks of code,
am I missing code paths.
And we can actually visually show
you this with this tool called NYC..
Most of us are probably,
if you've done anything with test coverage
are used to using Istanbul, right.
That's the most common
one with JavaScript.
We're gonna use NYC,
which actually wraps Istanbul, and
I think it's just a little
bit easier to use.
You can achieve this
with Istanbul just fine.
So at this point,
if you don't have NYC installed,
just say npn install -g nyc.
What we're gonna do here is nyc --
reporter=lcov --reporter=
text -- reporter=html.
Basically saying give me all of
the reports you can possibly generate.
That's what all these mean.
Then I wanna say --require babel-register.
At this point we are saying like, you're
gonna run into ES6 when you're running my
tests, so just be aware of that.
And then you're gonna say --extension.jsx.
So that's saying also
look at all my jsx files.
And then the last thing you're gonna say
is you're gonna give it the command to
actually run your tests.
So in this particular case,
it's gonna be npm test.
Kind of a long command,
hopefully it works.
>> Brian Holt: So
it's gonna run your test first and
then it's gonna give you
a basically a code coverage report.
So we were good children and
we actually covered all of the code
paths in search and show card.
Which is kind of cool.
This basically means that all
of the code in search and
show card got covered by our tests, right.
Everything ran at least once, which is
not to say there's no bugs in your code,
it just means that at least for
the test case that you're running,
your code got covered and
you got an expected result back.
So let's go make it so
like part of it's not covered.
So let's go to search.jsx and just put
like another random function here.
So random function.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
this is gonna be console.log or
something like that, right.
It's just like another function here,
right.
And now nothing's calling this,
it's never getting run anywhere but
it exists in our code, right?
So save that and come back and
run your command again.
>> Brian Holt: And what you'll see
here is that now we don't have a 100%
coverage now.
And we have uncovered lines,
it's gonna tell you which lines
did not get covered by this.
So this is actually can
be even more interesting.
So now if you look at ls -lsa, you have
a hidden folder here called NYC output.
Nope not output, I want coverage.
So you have a folder now called coverage.
If you CD in the coverage.
It has like a bunch of interesting
reports you can look at but
the most interesting here if you say
open index.html, it's actually gives
you like a nice visual representation
of what your coverage looks like.
You can actually go look in and see,
this is the code that never got ran.
So you can actually visually see the code
that's not getting covered by your tests.
I think that's a pretty compelling read,
that's actually a pretty cool
feature of Istanbul and I think it's
a fairly recent change as well.
>> Speaker 2: Can you show
us how you got there again?
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
So, I'm in my repo, right?
I went to coverage,
there's a command in OSX.
I don't think it exists in Windows or
I don't know about Linux at all.
It's just called open, that says
please open this with the host OS, and
you just open index.html.
If you're using iTerm 2 like I am,
you can also Cmd+Click which
is kind of a fun thing.
Cmd+Click index.
And that's actually gonna open Sublime but
whatever.
The other thing you can do is you can just
come to your browser and say File > Open.
And then navigate there,
right, so coverage index.html.
That works too.
Yep.
And the nice thing about like.
We got this really nice pretty looking
report for essentially zero work, right?
We just had to install the tool and
just have it run our tests,
which I think is also pretty compelling.
I like getting things for free.
>> Brian Holt: So
any questions about this?
Cool, not cool.
Sit down, you're stupid and whatever.
You can be nice about it though.
Okay, so let's just take this
entire mess and put it into our
package.json because that is an absolute
terror to have to type every single time.
So go to your package.json and
you can call it cover or coverage,
whatever you wanna call it.
I call it cover
>> Brian Holt: And
now you can just do npm run cover and
it'll tell you.
>> Speaker 3: Somebody in chat had
problems with command not found for nyc.
So did I actually.
>> Brian Holt: Did you
install it globally?
>> Speaker 3: No.
>> Brian Holt: No.
That might help.
[LAUGH] If you're run it from MPM though,
right.
So if you put this in your MPM, and then
you say MPM run cover it will work for
sure, because there's a local copy,
and MPM is smart enough to find it.
>> Brian Holt: So yeah, if you're
having problems in not finding it,
just put this in your MPM package.json and
then just do mpm.
So I will prove my assertion.
I will uninstall nyc.
>> Brian Holt: So now if I type nyc,
it doesn't work, right?
But I can still do mpm run cover and
it will still work.
>> Brian Holt: So that works as well.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So I'm gonna go take
that fluff code out of here now.
So, because we don't need it.